# COVID_StudentBurnout
This repository contains analysis scripts for the project "Student Mindsets, Perceived Stress, and Academic Performance in Distance Learning Environments During the COVID-19 Pandemic"
Authors: Jessica Waltmon, Jade Noelani Yonehiro, & Yuko Munkata

Study Description: The COVID-19 pandemic has taken the world by surprise and challenged people in ways they never imagined. College students have had a difficult transition to what some call “the new normal” and university work moving to online. While the transition to remote learning has negatively impacted college students' social connections and academic engagement (González Ramírez et al., 2021, Zhao et al., 2021, Mosanya, 2021, Kalman et al., 2020), early pandemic research found that general mindsets (e.g., intelligence is malleable) help buffer against the negative effect of COVID-19 stress on academic outcomes (Mosanya, 2021; Yang, Chen, & Chen, 2021, Zhao et al., 2021). Now, over a year into the pandemic (May 2021), research has yet to assess how these effects play out long-term. The current study examined how general mindsets (Dweck, 1999) and stress mindsets (Crum et al., 2013) relate to college students’ experiences of stress and academic burnout during the COVID-19 pandemic. We found that students’ stress mindsets (e.g., stress is either enhancing or debilitating) moderates the relationship between COVID-19’s impact on student’s lives and their academic stress, but not burnout. In addition, general mindset was not related to academic stress or academic burnout experienced by students during the COVID-19 pandemic. These findings suggest that the buffering effect of mindsets are specific to stress mindsets and stress-related outcomes in the impact of COVID-19 on students' experiences. Over the long-haul, students’ beliefs about stress may be more important for adapting long-term to the stressors of the COVID-19 pandemic than the belief that intelligence is malleable.

Last Updates: 10/28/2021
